When recording offline payments the payment type drop down options should only contain the fee type for the the particular student's class. For example if the fee structure contains tuition, pta levy, exam , lab fees and a custom graduation fee for SS3 class, when the admin wants to record payment an SS3 student, only these:
tuition, pta levy, exam , lab fees and a custom graduation fee should come up in the payment type options in the form to record offline payment (both the form on the admins payment page and the form in the all students page when "payments" button is clicked for a particular student's card) for that particular student.
Also in the scholarship form to assign a scholarship or fee waiver to a student, I don't want it to apply to all by leaving all fees unchecked... That means when the admin wants to give a scholarship if he wants it to apply to all fees he has to select all fees(please both the scholarship form on the admin's scholarship page and the scholarship form when you click scholarship button in a student's card in the all student's page.)
Now in the admin payment page in the outstanding fees tab, when the filter for fee type is turned on for a particular fee type for example let's say I set the filter to tuition, I want it that if a particular student is given scholarship for that particular fee, the expected fee should still be shown as the full fee the same way it is on other non scholarship students for that class for that fee but then just under the expected fee, for the scholarship student, there should be a "scholarship waiver: {scholarship amount}" then the paid, then the balance. Note the scholarship should not be deducted from all fee type when the filter is set(currently it is. even if the scholarship itself is not applied to all fees. When the admin filters for a particular fee type the scholarship for another fee type is still deducted from that fee this may cause confusion or misinformation). If the fee type filter is not applied then you can still deduct the scholarship amount from all the fees.

Basically I want anything that concerns payment or payment documentation and recording to be clear, easily understandable and no chance of misinformation.
